com/example/io_app/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.io_app.BuildConfig
com/example/io_app/NotificationDB.java
 com.example.io_app.NotificationDB
com/example/io_app/databinding/ChatListViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.ChatListViewBinding
com/example/io_app/databinding/CustomSpinnerAdapterBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.CustomSpinnerAdapterBinding
com/example/io_app/SeekWindow.java
 com.example.io_app.SeekWindow
com/example/io_app/databinding/GroupUserListItemViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.GroupUserListItemViewBinding
com/example/io_app/AddGroupUserList.java
 com.example.io_app.AddGroupUserList
 com.example.io_app.AddGroupUserList$1
 com.example.io_app.AddGroupUserList$2
 com.example.io_app.AddGroupUserList$3
com/example/io_app/placeholder/CustomSpinnerAdapter.java
 com.example.io_app.placeholder.CustomSpinnerAdapter
com/example/io_app/CalendarMonth.java
 com.example.io_app.CalendarMonth
com/example/io_app/Register.java
 com.example.io_app.Register
 com.example.io_app.Register$1
 com.example.io_app.Register$1$1
com/example/io_app/databinding/UserItemViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.UserItemViewBinding
com/example/io_app/databinding/GroupListItemViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.GroupListItemViewBinding
com/example/io_app/databinding/TaskListItemBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.TaskListItemBinding
com/example/io_app/databinding/HomeWindowViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.HomeWindowViewBinding
com/example/io_app/AddLeaderAdapter.java
 com.example.io_app.AddLeaderAdapter
 com.example.io_app.AddLeaderAdapter$1
 com.example.io_app.AddLeaderAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.example.io_app.AddLeaderAdapter$RecyclerViewClickListener
com/example/io_app/databinding/MessageInItemViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.MessageInItemViewBinding
com/example/io_app/Chat.java
 com.example.io_app.Chat
 com.example.io_app.Chat$1
 com.example.io_app.Chat$2
 com.example.io_app.Chat$3
com/example/io_app/databinding/GroupListViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.GroupListViewBinding
com/example/io_app/databinding/GroupUserListViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.GroupUserListViewBinding
com/example/io_app/GroupTasks.java
 com.example.io_app.GroupTasks
com/example/io_app/GroupUserList.java
 com.example.io_app.GroupUserList
com/example/io_app/Login.java
 com.example.io_app.Login
 com.example.io_app.Login$1
com/example/io_app/databinding/ActivityAddGroupUserListBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.ActivityAddGroupUserListBinding
com/example/io_app/AddGroupLeader.java
 com.example.io_app.AddGroupLeader
 com.example.io_app.AddGroupLeader$1
 com.example.io_app.AddGroupLeader$2
 com.example.io_app.AddGroupLeader$3
com/example/io_app/databinding/GroupItemViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.GroupItemViewBinding
com/example/io_app/adapter/UserAdapter.java
 com.example.io_app.adapter.UserAdapter
 com.example.io_app.adapter.UserAdapter$1
 com.example.io_app.adapter.UserAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/io_app/databinding/CalendarDayViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.CalendarDayViewBinding
com/example/io_app/databinding/CalendarMonthViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.CalendarMonthViewBinding
com/example/io_app/databinding/LoginViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.LoginViewBinding
com/example/io_app/databinding/CalendarWeekViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.CalendarWeekViewBinding
com/example/io_app/AddTask.java
 com.example.io_app.AddTask
 com.example.io_app.AddTask$1
 com.example.io_app.AddTask$2
 com.example.io_app.AddTask$3
com/example/io_app/UserDB.java
 com.example.io_app.UserDB
 com.example.io_app.UserDB$1
com/example/io_app/databinding/ActivityAddGroupBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.ActivityAddGroupBinding
com/example/io_app/databinding/ActivityAddGroupLeaderBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.ActivityAddGroupLeaderBinding
com/example/io_app/GroupList.java
 com.example.io_app.GroupList
 com.example.io_app.GroupList$1
 com.example.io_app.GroupList$2
 com.example.io_app.GroupList$3
 com.example.io_app.GroupList$4
com/example/io_app/HomeWindow.java
 com.example.io_app.HomeWindow
 com.example.io_app.HomeWindow$1
com/example/io_app/databinding/HeaderBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.HeaderBinding
com/example/io_app/databinding/MessageOutItemViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.MessageOutItemViewBinding
com/example/io_app/CalendarDay.java
 com.example.io_app.CalendarDay
com/example/io_app/CalendarUpcomingDays.java
 com.example.io_app.CalendarUpcomingDays
com/example/io_app/databinding/ChatViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.ChatViewBinding
com/example/io_app/databinding/SeekWindowViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.SeekWindowViewBinding
com/example/io_app/MainActivity.java
 com.example.io_app.MainActivity
com/example/io_app/databinding/GroupTasksItemViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.GroupTasksItemViewBinding
com/example/io_app/GroupDB.java
 com.example.io_app.GroupDB
com/example/io_app/databinding/ListUserItemBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.ListUserItemBinding
com/example/io_app/placeholder/PlaceholderContent.java
 com.example.io_app.placeholder.PlaceholderContent
 com.example.io_app.placeholder.PlaceholderContent$PlaceholderItem
com/example/io_app/databinding/RegisterViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.RegisterViewBinding
com/example/io_app/WeekViewLoader.java
 com.example.io_app.WeekViewLoader
 com.example.io_app.WeekViewLoader$1
com/example/io_app/databinding/UserProfileViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.UserProfileViewBinding
com/example/io_app/TaskDB.java
 com.example.io_app.TaskDB
com/example/io_app/AddGroupAdapter.java
 com.example.io_app.AddGroupAdapter
 com.example.io_app.AddGroupAdapter$1
 com.example.io_app.AddGroupAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.example.io_app.AddGroupAdapter$RecyclerViewClickListener
com/example/io_app/databinding/AddTaskViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.AddTaskViewBinding
com/example/io_app/GroupListAdapter.java
 com.example.io_app.GroupListAdapter
 com.example.io_app.GroupListAdapter$1
 com.example.io_app.GroupListAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.example.io_app.GroupListAdapter$RecyclerViewClickListener
com/example/io_app/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/io_app/databinding/GroupTasksViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.GroupTasksViewBinding
com/example/io_app/ChatList.java
 com.example.io_app.ChatList
 com.example.io_app.ChatList$1
com/example/io_app/SeekbarDB.java
 com.example.io_app.SeekbarDB
com/example/io_app/AddGroup.java
 com.example.io_app.AddGroup
com/example/io_app/Calendar.java
 com.example.io_app.Calendar
com/example/io_app/MessageDB.java
 com.example.io_app.MessageDB
com/example/io_app/UserProfile.java
 com.example.io_app.UserProfile
com/example/io_app/databinding/CalendarUpcomingDaysViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.CalendarUpcomingDaysViewBinding
com/example/io_app/CalendarWeek.java
 com.example.io_app.CalendarWeek
com/example/io_app/databinding/CalendarViewBinding.java
 com.example.io_app.databinding.CalendarViewBinding
com/example/io_app/adapter/MessageAdapter.java
 com.example.io_app.adapter.MessageAdapter
 com.example.io_app.adapter.MessageAdapter$ViewHolder
